{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f6\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f9\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f10\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f11\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\loch\f4\fs28\lang2057 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf1\i\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057 Index;}
{\s21\snext21\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057 DocumentMap;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.4.0.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/7556cbc6811c9d992f4064ab9287069087d7f62c}{\info{\*\company NISL}{\author William Salt}{\creatim\yr2013\mo7\dy6\hr7\min54}{\revtim\yr2019\mo4\dy9\hr15\min28}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops{\propname Operator}\proptype30{\staticval William Salt}}\deftab720\deftab720
\hyphauto0\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc\htmautsp
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{{\*\bkmkstart _GoBack}{\*\bkmkend _GoBack}\b\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f6\hich\af6
Bell Tester}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The purpose of this program is to help you learn bell codes by loosely simulating a key token instrument.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
When you start the program up, it will open a single window with a red background.  In the middle of the window is a representation of the token instrument galvanometer needle, and to the right of that is a gold-coloured button representing the instrument plunger.  Below this is an area in which a caption will be displayed to tell you what to do next.  The bottom left will be blank at first; as you use the program, this is where messages appear to tell you if you were right or wrong.  Your score so far is shown in the bottom right.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
At the top left, you can switch between \u8220\'93Send mode\u8221\'94, which is the default, and \u8220\'93Receive mode\u8221\'94.  In \u8220\'93Send mode\u8221\'94 the program asks you to send a bell code by pressing the plunger, and tells you if you were right or wrong; in \u8220\'93Receive mode\u8221\'94 the program plays a bell code to you and then asks you to pick the code you just heard from a list.  Switching between modes does not alter or reset your score; the only way to reset your score is to close and re-open the program.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
If you need a reminder of the bell codes, you can press the button at top right, which shows you the full list of codes that are loaded into the program.  However whilst the code list is open on screen you can\u8217\'92t use the rest of the program, so you can open the code list for a quick reminder but no more.  If you are in \u8220\'93Receive mode\u8221\'94 and need  to hear a bell code again, you can send Call Attention on the plunger, mimicking what you would do in real life in that situation.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
Next to the \u8220\'93View Codes\u8221\'94 button there is a drop-down box which you can use to select the list of bell codes you would like to be tested on.  The code list file supplied with the program contains two lists of codes.  By default, the program contains a simplified version of the bell codes currently used by the Severn Valley Railway.  The full list of bell codes used by the Severn Valley Railway is copyrighted and considered \u8220\'93Private and Not For Publication\u8221\'94, but I can supply a code list file containing the full list of SVR bell codes to current SVR staff, volunteers and trainees.  }{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
There is one code list for the ETT regulations, and a separate similar list for the Absolute Block regulations.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
When you look at the ETT code list, there may seem to be duplicate versions of a lot of the bell codes.  This is because the program can recognise when you have held the plunger down on the last beat of a signal.  Therefore, the codes \u8220\'93Is Line Clear for Class A train?\u8221\'94 (for example) and \u8220\'93Line Clear for Class A train\u8221\'94 are considered by the program to be separate codes.  If the program asks you to send a \u8220\'93Line Clear\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 code and you don\u8217\'92t hold down on the final beat, the program will mark that answer wrong.  When displayed on-screen, codes ending in a hold-down are shown with a star (*): for example, \u8220\'93Line Clear for Class A train\u8221\'94 is written \u8220\'934*\u8221\'94.  }{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The Absolute Block list does not distinguish between the two types of code.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
If, in \u8220\'93Receive mode\u8221\'94, the program plays you a bell signal which can mean more than one thing, it does not matter which answer you select.  For example, if the program plays \u8220\'932-1\u8221\'94, either \u8220\'93Train Out Of Section\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Obstruction Removed\u8221\'94 will be marked correct.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\b\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
Configuration}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
There are a few options you can change by editing the file \u8220\'93Belltest.exe.config\u8221\'94 located in the program\u8217\'92s installation folder.  I recommend that if you try altering any of these, you back the configuration file up first, because if the file structure is broken  the program may not run.  The below is purely for the benefit of people tempted to tinker with things; you don\u8217\'92t need to read part this point, and if you read anything below here and think \u8220\'93eh?\u8221\'94 then don\u8217\'92t worry; you can just leave it alone.  If you do change any of these settings you will need to close and re-open the program.   All time settings are given in seconds.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The HoldDownThreshold setting is the time you need to hold the plunger down for before the program counts it as a hold-down.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The GroupPauseThreshold setting controls how the program divides up your plunger presses into parts of a signal.  If the time between two successive presses of the plunger \u8211\'96 not between release and press \u8211\'96 is greater than this setting, the program will assume you have moved on to the next part of the signal.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The CodeEndedThreshold setting is the minimum time the program will wait before assuming you have finished entering a code.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The CodeEndPollingPeriod setting is the time the program waits between checks to see if you have finished entering a code.  The actual time between you finishing a code and the program deciding you have, therefore, is always somewhere between the previous setting, and this setting added to the previous setting.  Setting this value too low will increase the load the program puts on your computer; setting it too high will mean a long delay after you send each signal.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The CodeListFileName setting is the name of the bell code definition file loaded on start-up.  The format of this file is described below.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The BellSoundFileName setting can be used to change the sound of signals received.  It needs to be a .WAV format file.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The NeedleDeflection setting is the amount that the galvanometer needle moves when the plunger is pressed, in radians.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\b\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
Code Definition File}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The bell code definitions are stored in the file CodeList.xml by default, although the file location can be changed as described above.  Editing the file, or providing a different file, will change the list of bell codes the program will test you on.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
This file is in a custom XML format.  Note that the program was not written to be particularly tolerant of a mis-formatted file, so it is quite likely that if you edit the file a way the program was not expected, the program will crash on start-up.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The documentation below is probably best understood by people who are already familiar with XML files.  A brief outline of XML: the file consists of a tree of \u8220\'93elements\u8221\'94.  Elements can contain other elements, and all of the file data is contained ultimately within a single \u8220\'93root element\u8221\'94.  Elements that have content are written <element>\u8230\'85</element> with the content in the middle.  Elements that don\u8217\'92t have content are written <element/>.  Elements can also have \u8220\'93attributes\u8221\'94, which look like this: <element attribute=\u8221\'94attribute value\u8221\'94/>.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The root element of the code list file is the <codelists> element.  It contains one or more <codelist> elements, defining the bell code lists which appear in the selection dropdown box near the top of the instrument window.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
Each <codelist> element has two attributes, \u8220\'93name\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93description\u8221\'94.  The \u8220\'93name\u8221\'94 attribute appears in the code list selection dropdown box, and both attributes are shown at the top of the code list help window.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The <codelist> element contains a <code> element for each bell code.  The <code> element has one compulsory attribute, \u8220\'93name\u8221\'94, which is used as the code\u8217\'92s name on-screen.  It also has an optional attribute, \u8220\'93release\u8221\'94.  \u8216\'91release=\u8221\'94token\u8221\'94\u8217\'92 means that this code is used to withdraw a token.  \u8216\'91release=\u8221\'94switch\u8221\'94\u8217\'92 means that this code is used to release a switching lever.  This affects the behaviour of the galvanometer needle when running the program in sending mode, but does not affect scoring.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
The <code> element contains <g> elements, meaning a group of plunger strokes.  The <g> element contains <b/> elements, each meaning a normal single plunger stroke, and <h/> elements, meaning a hold-down stroke.  A valid code will normally only have a single <h/> as the last stroke, if any.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
So, \u8220\'93Train Out Of Section\u8221\'94 is represented in the XML file as follows:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
<code name=\u8221\'94Train Out Of Section\u8221\'94>}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\lang1031\loch\f6\hich\af6
<g><b/><b/></g>}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\lang1031\loch\f6\hich\af6
<g><b/></g>}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\lang1031\loch\f6\hich\af6
</code>}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
I realise this format is rather wordy for a human, compared with \u8220\'932-1\u8221\'94, but is relatively easy for the computer to read.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe1025\dbch\af11\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs22\lang2057\sl276\slmult1\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200{\dbch\af10\rtlch \ltrch\fs18\loch\f6\hich\af6
 }
\par }